Mom, do you still dare to do it?
Zhao Min belongs to the Zhao family
If you dare to touch him, your whole family will suffer
What was your name just now?
I'll give you a chance to kneel down and apologize now
I can still spare your life
Otherwise hum
Ok you Lu Shuang
How dare you turn the sky
We Wu Shuangjun
It's not just you, a small Zhao family.
Humiliate you, you dare to die
Ahhh
How dare you give birth to my sister and kill him for me
Who dares to touch the supreme sin?
This wasn't Royal Wai
Your invincible army is outside the palace
And here our four families are the heavens
OK
I have been fighting outside the palace for so many years
Even the Lord of Nations
Don't dare to talk to me like that